feat: add woostack-ideate skill (#189)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: skills/woostack-ideate/SKILL.md

or write a spec/plan file — until you have presented a design and the user has approved it.
This applies to EVERY request regardless of perceived simplicity. The design can be short,
but you MUST present it and get approval.
</HARD-GATE>

## Anti-pattern: "this is too simple to need a design"

Every change goes through this. A config tweak, a one-function utility, a copy change — all
of them. "Simple" work is where unexamined assumptions waste the most effort. Scale the
design to the work (a few sentences for a truly small change), but present it and get
approval before moving on.

## Terminal state: approved design, handed back

The skill ends the moment the user approves the design. At that point:

- **Write nothing.** Do not create a spec file, a plan, or any artifact. The approved design
  lives in the conversation.
- **Chain nothing.** Do not invoke `writing-plans`, `executing-plans`, or any implementation
  skill yourself.
- **Hand back.** State that the design is approved and name the next step:
  - Inside `woostack-build`: its **step 2** captures this design as a markdown spec under
    `.woostack/specs/`. Return control there.

>   - Standalone: tell the user the design is ready to capture as a spec; offer to write the

Author: **Standalone path contradicts "Write nothing" rule**

The "Terminal state" section opens with "Write nothing. Do not create a spec file, a plan, or any artifact." Yet the standalone branch two bullets later tells the agent to "offer to write the spec directly or hand off to woostack-build starting at step 2, and stop." An agent following these instructions in standalone mode receives directly conflicting directives: the first rule prohibits writing a spec file; the standalone sub-bullet invites writing one. The hard constraint at the bottom of the file ("Never write a spec/plan file or chain a downstream skill") also contradicts the offer-to-write path, making the standalone terminal behaviour unreachable as written.

Fix: Remove the "offer to write the spec directly" branch from the standalone bullet. Replace it with: "Standalone: tell the user the design is ready to capture as a spec; offer to hand off to woostack-build starting at step 2, and stop." This keeps the terminal state consistent with "Write nothing" and the hard constraint.

```suggestion
  - Standalone: tell the user the design is ready to capture as a spec; offer
    to hand off to `woostack-build` starting at **step 2**, and stop.
```

<sub>— <strong>MEDIUM</strong> · flagged by the <code>bugs</code> agent</sub>

Author: Fixed in d5d6f93. Removed the "offer to write the spec directly" branch; the standalone bullet now only offers to hand off to woostack-build step 2. Terminal state is consistent with the "Write nothing" rule (L32) and the "Never write a spec/plan file" hard constraint (L106-107).

>     `/woostack-build` or writing one), and stop.

Author: **Standalone /woostack-build offer restarts ideation**

The standalone terminal-state instruction tells the agent to offer `/woostack-build` after the design is approved. Invoking `/woostack-build` restarts the full build loop from step 1, which immediately re-invokes `woostack-ideate` — discarding the just-approved design. The approved design exists only in conversation context (the skill writes nothing), so the user loses their work.

Fix: Replace the `/woostack-build` offer with an offer to jump to woostack-build step 2 (write the spec) or to write the spec directly. For example: tell the user the design is approved and offer to (a) write the markdown spec now at `.woostack/specs/` or (b) hand off to `/woostack-build` starting from its step 2 (write spec). Do not offer `/woostack-build` without qualifying the entry point — that would restart ideation and discard the approved design.

<sub>— <strong>HIGH · BLOCKING</strong> · flagged by the <code>bugs</code> agent</sub>
